docs: fix context comparison and improve introduction for clarity (#2839)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/guides/tasks.md

## Context

> Navigating your Kubernetes landscape is guided by your chosen Kubernetes context. This set of access parameters defines the specific cluster, user, namespace, and sometimes application/workload details you're interacting with. Think of it as your personalized key to different areas within your Kubernetes infrastructure. For more information, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes context is a set of access parameters
that defines the specific cluster, user, namespace, and sometimes application/workload details with which you interact. It serves as your personalized key to different areas within your Kubernetes infrastructure.
For more information, see
```

[Configure Access to Multiple Clusters](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters/).

> Meanwhile, Keptn, when orchestrating automated tasks during deployments, relies on a distinct concept called Keptn task context. This specialized information focuses solely on the task at hand, pinpointing the specific application or workload involved. It includes details like the application name, version, and object type, ensuring Keptn knows precisely where and how to execute each step within your chosen Kubernetes environment. Imagine this as a task-specific blueprint, telling Keptn exactly what to do and where to do it within your broader deployment workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meanwhile, Keptn, when orchestrating automated tasks during deployments,
relies on a distinct concept called the "Keptn task context".
This specialized information focuses solely on the task at hand,
pinpointing the specific application or workload involved.
It includes details like the application name, version, and object type,
ensuring that Keptn knows precisely where and how to execute
each step within your chosen Kubernetes environment.
Imagine this as a task-specific blueprint,
telling Keptn exactly what to do and where to do it
within your broader deployment workflow.
```

> Sometimes, to provide this crucial task context, you might need to embed it directly into the `function` code of your Keptn tasks defined in YAML files that defines a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, to provide this crucial task context,
you might need to embed it directly into the `function` code
of your Keptn tasks defined in YAML files
that defines a
```

## Context

> Navigating your Kubernetes landscape is guided by your chosen Kubernetes context.
> This set of access parameters defines the specific cluster, user, namespace, and sometimes application/workload
> details you're interacting with.
> Think of it as your personalized key to different areas within your Kubernetes infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes context is a set of access parametersthat defines the specific cluster, user, namespace,
and sometimes application/workload details
with which you interact.
It serves as your personalized key to different areas within your Kubernetes infrastructure.
```

For more information, see
[Configure Access to Multiple Clusters](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters/).

Meanwhile, Keptn, when orchestrating automated tasks during deployments, relies on a distinct concept called Keptn task context.
This specialized information focuses solely on the task at hand, pinpointing the specific application or workload involved.
It includes details like the application name, version, and object type, ensuring Keptn knows precisely where and how
to execute each step within your chosen Kubernetes environment.
Imagine this as a task-specific blueprint, telling Keptn exactly what to do and where to do it within your broader
deployment workflow.

> Sometimes, to provide this crucial task context, you might need to embed it directly into the `function` code of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, to provide this crucial task context,
you may need to embed it directly into the `function` code of your
```

## Context

The Keptn task context includes details like the application name, version, and object type. Keptn uses this when orchestrating automated tasks during deployments, providing a specialized focus on the task at hand. This information pinpoints the specific application or workload involved, acting as a task-specific blueprint. It ensures that Keptn knows precisely where and how to execute each step within your chosen Kubernetes environment. Imagine it as a task-specific guide, instructing Keptn on what to do and where to do it within your broader deployment workflow.

This contrasts with the Kubernetes context, which is a set of access parameters that defines the specific cluster, user, namespace, and sometimes application/workload details with which you interact. It serves as your personalized key to different areas within your Kubernetes infrastructure.
For more information, see
[Configure Access to Multiple Clusters](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters/).

Sometimes, to provide this crucial task context,
you may need to embed it directly into the `function` code of your

> Keptn tasks defined in YAML files that defines a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keptn tasks defined in YAML files to define a
```

## Context

The Keptn task context includes details like the application name, version, and object type.
Keptn uses this when orchestrating automated tasks during deployments, providing a specialized focus on
the task at hand.
This information pinpoints the specific application or workload involved, acting as a task-specific blueprint.
It ensures that Keptn knows precisely where and how to execute each step within your chosen Kubernetes environment.
Imagine it as a task-specific guide, instructing Keptn on what to do and where to do it within your broader
deployment workflow.

This contrasts with the Kubernetes context, which is a set of access parameters that defines the

> specific cluster, user, namespace, and sometimes application/workload details with which you interact.

Reviewer 2: apps and workloads are not part of the k8s context, let's remove this part pls :)
```suggestion
specific cluster, user and namespace with which you interact.
```
